MAGECLOUD-5323: Update Cloud projects with proper licenses (#28)
magento/magento-cloud-patches: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to Magento Cloud Patches code

Use the GitHub fork & pull model contribution model to submit your code contributions to the Magento Cloud Patches codebase.

> In this contribution model, you maintain your own [fork](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/working-with-forks) of the Magento Cloud Docker repository, and create a [pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/) to submit your proposed changes to the base repository. For details on the fork & pull contribution model, see the [Beginners guide](https://github.com/magento/magento2/wiki/Getting-Started).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this contribution model, you maintain your own [fork](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/working-with-forks) of the Magento Cloud Patches repository, and create a [pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/) to submit your proposed changes to the base repository. For details on the fork & pull contribution model, see the [Beginners guide](https://github.com/magento/magento2/wiki/Getting-Started).
```

Contributions can take the form of new features, changes to existing features, tests, bug fixes, or optimizations. You can also contribute new or updated documentation.

The Magento Cloud development team and community maintainers review all issues and contributions submitted by the developer community in first in, first out order (FIFO). During the review process, reviewers might notify a contributor to request clarification on the proposed changes.

## Prerequisites

> You must have a [GitHub account](https://help.github.com/en/github/getting-started-with-github/signing-up-for-a-new-github-account) with [two-factor authentication](https://help.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/configuring-two-factor-authentication) enabled to contribute to Magento repositories. We also recommend creating a [personal access token](https://help.github.com/en/articles/creating-a-personal-access-token-for-the-command-line) to use when interacting with GitHub in script from the the command line. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must have a [GitHub account](https://help.github.com/en/github/getting-started-with-github/signing-up-for-a-new-github-account) with [two-factor authentication](https://help.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/configuring-two-factor-authentication) enabled to contribute to Magento repositories. We also recommend creating a [personal access token](https://help.github.com/en/articles/creating-a-personal-access-token-for-the-command-line) to use when interacting with GitHub from scripts or from the command line.
```

   * Unit/integration test coverage
   * Proposed documentation updates: Submit developer documentation contributions to the [Magento DevDocs repository](https://github.com/magento/devdocs/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md). Submit updates to Magento user documentation to the [Magento Merchant documentation repository](https://github.com/magento/merchdocs/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).
4. For larger features or changes, [open an issue](https://github.com/magento/magento-cloud-patches/issues/new) to discuss the proposed changes prior to development. Discussing the updates in advance can prevent duplicate or unnecessary effort and allow other contributors to provide input.

## Contribution process
1. Search current [listed issues](https://github.com/magento/magento-cloud-patches/issues) (open or closed) for similar proposals of intended contribution before starting work on a new contribution.
2. Review and sign the [Contributor License Agreement (CLA)](https://opensource.adobe.com/cla.html) if this is your first time contributing. You only need to sign the CLA once.
3. Create and test your work.

> 4. Fork the Magento Cloud repository according to the [Fork A Repository instructions](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/contributor-guide/contributing.html#fork) and when you are ready to send us a pull request – follow the [Create A Pull Request instructions](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/contributor-guide/contributing.html#pull_request).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Fork the Magento Cloud Patches repository according to the [Fork A Repository instructions](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/contributor-guide/contributing.html#fork) and when you are ready to send us a pull request – follow the [Create A Pull Request instructions](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/contributor-guide/contributing.html#pull_request).
```

Reviewer: The contributor guide and beginnner's guides no longer provide explicit instructions for submitting a pull request. Perhaps it would be better to just link to the GitHub help topic--submitting a pull request from a fork: https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork

> 4. Fork the Magento Cloud Patches repository according to the [Fork A Repository instructions](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/contributor-guide/contributing.html#fork) and when you are ready to send us a pull request – follow the [Create A Pull Request instructions](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/contributor-guide/contributing.html#pull_request).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Fork the Cloud Patches repository according to the [Fork A Repository instructions](https://github.com/magento/magento2/wiki/Forking-and-Branching) and when you are ready to send us a pull request – follow the [Create A Pull Request instructions](https://github.com/magento/magento2/wiki/Working-Issues-and-PRs#submitting-prs).
```
